Update Octave version (#29)
joergbrech/moxunit-action: README.md

## Container

> This action uses the `qmarlab/octaveci:latest` docker image which contains GNU-Octave 5.3.0 and the following packages/versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action uses the `qmrlab/octaveci:latest` docker image which contains GNU-Octave 5.2.0 and the following packages/versions:
```

```

> Package Name  | Version | Installation directory

Reviewer: Can you also update the list of packages? I ran `pkg list` in the Docker image locally and got this output:

```
Package Name    | Version | Installation directory
----------------+---------+-----------------------
       control  |   3.2.0 | /usr/share/octave/packages/control-3.2.0
data-smoothing  |   1.3.0 | /usr/share/octave/packages/data-smoothing-1.3.0
     dataframe  |   1.2.0 | /usr/share/octave/packages/dataframe-1.2.0
         dicom  |   0.2.2 | /usr/share/octave/packages/dicom-0.2.2
     financial  |   0.5.3 | /usr/share/octave/packages/financial-0.5.3
         image  |  2.12.0 | /usr/share/octave/packages/image-2.12.0
            io  |  2.4.13 | /usr/share/octave/packages/io-2.4.13
         optim  |   1.6.0 | /usr/share/octave/packages/optim-1.6.0
      parallel  |   3.1.3 | /usr/share/octave/packages/parallel-3.1.3
    statistics  |   1.4.1 | /usr/share/octave/packages/statistics-1.4.1
       strings  |   1.2.0 | /usr/share/octave/packages/strings-1.2.0
        struct  |  1.0.16 | /usr/share/octave/packages/struct-1.0.16
```

Author: Thanks! Done in [c7d227e](https://github.com/joergbrech/moxunit-action/pull/29/commits/c7d227ef273bfd354745d955f668f0f802da524d)
